virtually every stem field you want to continue to develop your skills
in two principal ways the first is formal education you know if if
you're not working on your next agree your love if you've got a terminal
degree like a peach tea then your spirit your MBA or masters in
counseling just keep going with education I regret every hour I did
not spend in the classroom that I could how many hours did I spend
watching stupid TV you're watching a baseball or football game that
I can remember now instead of doing something or have been more productive
so that's one second wave is technical professionalism demands
that you continue to read your journals from your technical associations
and that you attend conferences and go here the papers present
so that takes up a lot of time but that's the way you've got to keep
it up if you're gonna do stem work